## Example Introduction
### 1. Overview
This program demonstrates attaching an XDP program to a interface.

### 2. Include Files
- xdp_pass_kern.c
  - The ebpf codes injected to interface
- xdp_pass_user.go
  - The golang software based on `github.com/cilium/ebpf` running in user space
- examplexdp_bpfel_x86.go and examplexdp_bpfel_x86.o
  - Both files are generated by `github.com/cilium/ebpf/cmd/bpf2go`
  - You can generate those files by command `go generate` under this folder

### 3. Kernel Space Code
- Pass all packets

### 4. User Space Code
- There are two ways to attach XDP program to an interface
  - Attach with Cilium eBPF library from version 0.8.0 and it requires at least Linux 5.9. (It uses bpf_link to attach, not netlink)
  - Netlink lib
- XDP Attach Mode
  - Generic XDP (XDP_FLAGS_SKB_MODE): XDP programs are loaded into the kernel as part of the ordinary network path. This does not provide full performance benefits, but is an easy way to test XDP programs or run them on generic hardware that does not provide specific support for XDP.
  - Native XDP (XDP_FLAGS_DRV_MODE): XDP program is loaded by the network card driver as part of its initial receive path. This also requires support from the network card driver.
  - Offloaded XDP (XDP_FLAGS_HW_MODE): XDP program loads directly on the NIC, and executes without using the CPU. This requires support from the network interface device. It is supported by some Smart NIC.

### 5. Run This Example
- Generate Codes
```
rm examplexdp_bpfel_x86.go examplexdp_bpfel_x86.o
go generate
```
- Build User Space Bin
```
go build
```
- Run Program
```
sudo ./basic01-xdp-pass
```
- Check Status
```
ip link
```
